[UZAKI grumbles]
I mean, after next year,
I'll be graduating.
[UZAKI grumbles]
[YANAGI] Huh? What's the matter,
Hana, something on your mind?
You wanna tell me about it?
[UZAKI grunting]
Oh, it's nothing to worry about.
[YANAGI]
Yeah right.
She's not fooling
anyone with that face.
Aw, gee. This about your
mysterious man-friend?
[UZAKI]
Uh! No, it isn't!
[YANAGI]
Heh, she's so easy to read.
No need to play dumb, girl!
You know you can always share
anything with me, right?
Why're you being so weird?
And besides, what's
there for me to share
with someone who's
still in middle school?
Keep on deflecting all you
want, but let's be real,
with the way you go about your
love life you might as well
still be in middle school
yourself, ya big widdle baby.
I am not a baby
and I'm going about things
just fine, thank you!
And it's got nothing
to do with love!
[YANAGI]
Yeah, okay.
It looks like things are
finally starting to heat up.
You mind if I borrow
your textbook?
I was in a rush this morning
and left mine at home.
You're more than welcome to
use it as long as you can
ignore all the messy notes
I took in the margins.
Actually, I'm glad
you took them,
I'm sure they'll come in handy.
Sakurai does get
good grades, after all.
[CLASSMATE A]
Oh, that reminds me.
Are you gonna come for
drinks later this week?
I'm afraid I won't be there.
I've gotta work a shift
at the café that day.
[CLASSMATE A]
That's too bad.
[CLASSMATE B] Promise us you'll
try to stop by next time, okay?
[SAKURAI]
It does sound fun. We'll see.
I told you this
would happen, didn't I?
[UZAKI gasps]
Uh. What are you talking about.
I was just waiting for
the right moment to launch
a surprise attack
against our loner friend.
[SAKAKI] Man. You're an
awful liar, you know that?
Those girls you were
spying on happen to be
in the same class
as me and Saku.
Whenever we go out, they're
always complaining about
how they're still single.
I think they're hoping
to make a move on him.
[laughing] Do you hear
yourself right now?
You shouldn't go around
making weird assumptions.
Yeah, you're one to talk.
They probably saw him
walking through the hallway
all by his lonesome
and decided to
keep him company for a while.
As far as I'm concerned,
you should be relieved
that there are other angels
like me keeping an eye on him.
How selfless of you.
And with more people
to babysit the guy,
the less I'll have
to break my back taking
care of him, thank goodness.
It'll save me a ton
of time and energy!
So you see, this is
actually a good thing!
Then I hope you won't mind
if I give those girls
the green light to ask Sakurai
for some private tutoring.
[UZAKI] Uh. Well. That would
be a different story.
I'm gonna need you to explain
this sudden change
of heart for me.
You once said that you felt
obligated to check in on him.
Right?
And just now,
you implied that
you were fine with
other people doing
the checking in, right?
Ugh. Okay. You got me!
Still, though.
You're forgetting something.
Those girls there?
They've got no chance of
ever making it with him.
And that's 'cause that idiot
doesn't want any woman but me!
Ugh, not that stupid
argument again!
Even if those dime-a-dozen
floozies were actually into
Sakurai like that, I'm the
one hottie has the hots for,
so there'd be no use
coming onto him anyway.
Gotta say, they're only
setting themselves up
for disappointment.
I mean, seriously.
How pathetic would
it be to get rejected
by a socially awkward
dork like him?
If you think about it, I'm
performing a public service
by taking up his attention
and protecting everyone else
from the threat of shame
and embarrassment!
[SAKAKI] Of course. The twisted
logic of a narcissist!
[UZAKI]
Then again.
I was mulling over something
you said a while ago.
About speeding up my approach?
I remember.
[UZAKI] I didn't want
to believe it, but...
You weren't wrong
to bring it up.
Oh?
You were right.
The man's a real catch.
Who wouldn't rush
to take him home
and meet their folks?
Even as a friend,
I can see that much.
[SAKAKI]
Better late than never.
You made me realize
something else, too.
He's a third-year student now.
And we're nearly
through December!
Which means his college years
are practically over.
Like dust in the wind!
Time's running out.
I have to do something about
him before graduation!
'Cause that's what
you meant, right?
You've got it
completely twisted!
[UZAKI]
Stop yelling!
My original point was that
you've got to hurry up
and stake a claim before
someone else beats you to it!
You won't need a
whole year to bag him,
and I'm confused
as to why you think
it would even take that long!
[SAKAKI]
Ugh, what a pain.
If one of these fools would bite
the bullet and be honest,
this wouldn't be
an issue anymore!
Still though, at least the girl
has some sort of goal in mind.
Progress is progress.
And this change of heart
is a big leap forward
as far as Uzaki's concerned.
[UZAKI] Anyway. I won't
give up just yet!
In a year's time, I'll make
that boy confess his love.
Quit beating around the bush!
You keep going on about
not having enough time,
but if you tell him you like him
then this'll all be settled
in an instant, so march on
over there and do it already!
Huh? What're you, nuts?
I'm not gonna spew
that lovey-dovey crap!
But you're in love with him!
Why not?
How many times do I need to
remind you that Sakurai's
the one who's into me instead
of the other way around?
It's getting pretty old
hearing you get
mixed up over and
over again, bruh.
[SAKAKI] What's getting old
is you being in denial!
Ugh... Whatever, man.
This is so exhausting.
It seems like you're
ready to go for it,
so don't hold back
on my account.
Good luck with
your happy ending.
[UZAKI]
Could I ask you one more thing?
What is it now?
You wouldn't happen to
know the best way to make
a stubborn meathead spill
the beans, would ya?
Try a knife!
[SAKURAI]
Uh? Did you get enough sleep,
Itsuhito? You look like crap.
Please, enough
with the compliments.
I was just giving a good
pal some friendly advice.
I'd like to think I pointed
them in the right direction,
but who even knows? We'll see.
Ah...
[SAKAKI sighs]
Got a question for ya.
[SAKAKI]
Hm?
[SAKURAI] Uzaki threw me a
little birthday celebration
a while back.
[SAKAKI] So I hear.
Thanks for the invite.
[SAKURAI]
Yeah, you're welcome.
Anyway, I was wondering
what would make
a good thank-you
present for her.
Maybe something special
that a girl would like?
Y'know, forget I asked.
I should probably
figure this out myself.
No worries. I'll let
you handle it, then.
[SAKAKI]
I'm calling it.
Those slowpokes'll be
official before they know it.
[UZAKI] Stupid Sakaki.
He wasn't any help at all.
Either way, I've definitely
got my work cut out for me.
[inaudible]
[UZAKI]
C'mon tough stuff.
What's a gal gotta
do to make you sing?
[UZAKI grumbles]
[UZAKI gasps]
Eureka!
[UZAKI]
Here's an idea!
Sakurai's always slumming it
at the dining hall
or snacking on junk,
so what if I
started bringing him
personalized lunches instead?
Dude, do you know
how cringy that sounds?
Are you running a daycare?
[UZAKI]
Huh?
[SAKAKI] Aw, screw it!
As long as you're motivated,
you might as well
keep charging ahead!
It's a billion times better than
your usual tiptoeing around.
Nothing ventured, nothing
gained, as they say!
[CAFÉ OWNER]
Yikes. Sakaki finally
became unhinged. The kid's
completely fired up.
It's a perfectly nice gesture.
Anybody would be happy to dig
into a homemade meal
prepared by a cute
girl like you, Hana.
That's what I thought!
And since I cook
for him all the time,
I already know what
his favorites are.
Enough meals and he'll
confess to me for sure.
It'll be like shooting
fish in a barrel!
[UZAKI] Poop. This is gonna be
tougher than I thought.
[FUJIO]
Yes... Yes... Yes... Yes...
[UZAKI] Why is the whole
family staring at me?
Mom's helping me with a kitchen
project, so she's in the clear.
But what are the rest
of you plebs doin' here?
Normally I'd be in my room
playing video games,
but I don't have anyone
to play with me right now.
I'd ask Kiri, but he's
been turning me down
'cause I keep destroying him.
[KIRI grunting]
And besides, I've been
having way more fun
keeping an eye on
my big sister lately.
So are you preparing lunch
for someone special?
You're a great cook, so whoever
it is, I'm sure you'll have them
licking the plate and
begging for seconds!
Anyway, don't let me stop
you from going on ahead
with whatever you
were 'bout to do.
Just pretend I'm
a fly on the wall.
[UZAKI] Could you pretend
somewhere else, please?
What's your deal, Kiri?
Wow, rude much?
Don't lump me in
with Little Miss Creep.
It's not like I'm here
to pick on you.
Why are you here?
To polish off any
leftover scraps, duh.
Now hurry up and start choppin'!
[UZAKI] Go back to your
room, you vulture!
What about you, Dad?
[UZAKI] That face is so...
Forget I asked.
[TSUKI] I had no idea
that our family liked
peeking into other
people's lives so much.
[NARRATOR]
Tsuki forgot that she did
the same thing while
watching her TV dramas.
There's so many
recipes in this thing.
What should I make?
Bento lunches
can be extravagant,
but there's no need to do
anything out of the ordinary.
You can put in whatever
your heart desires
as long as you avoid
anything raw that could spoil.
You could always make
your signature dish.
Or you can try a combination
of your favorites!
How 'bout I throw
in some tamagoyaki?
Sounds delicious!
[TSUKI] Ha! A real
mother-daughter conversation.
My precious angel's
grown up so fast!
[YANAGI]
Yeah, what is it?
Ta-da!
You should decorate it in
the shape of a big ol' heart.
[UZAKI] And you should
mind your own business.
Let me cook in peace.
Or maybe you could
swap out the rice
and add some chicken
breast instead.
[UZAKI]
Could you please butt out, Dad?
[KIRI]
You heard her!
I'm eating this, too, so don't
put anything weird in it!
[UZAKI]
Neither of you are eating squat!
[KIRI, FUJIO]
Aww.
Fine whatever, I'll make sure
there's enough for
everyone, okay?
[KIRI, FUJIO]
Yeah boye!
Ah... Y'know, I've gotta
hand it to you, Mom.
Didn't realize
whipping up a bento
could be such hard work.
[TSUKI] I'm not too sure
about that, dear.
You usually don't have
everybody getting in your way.
[SAKURAI]
Wassup?
Ah. It's freezing out there.
Mind telling me why you called
me down to the basement today--
[UZAKI]
I packed you some lunch.
Um. Y'know, just 'cause.
Anyway, this one's yours.
So, here you go.
Uh. Wow. I, uh...
[SAKURAI]
What's my problem?
I mean, it's not like she's
never cooked me food before.
So then. Why does
this feel different?
Holy crap. My heart's beating
a thousand times a minute.
[SAKURAI]
Oh, uh... This is unexpected.
[SAKURAI] It's just lunch.
Why am I freaking out?
What's going on?
[SAKURAI]
Thank you, Hana.
Guess I'll be on
my way then, see ya.
Huh? Why're you leaving?
Uh. So you can dig in.
Don't you wanna enjoy
that down here
where no one can bother you?
Why would I?
Something wrong
with the cafeteria?
[UZAKI] Uh, the cafeteria's
fine! I just figured you might
be used to taking your
meals alone is all!
[SAKURAI]
What? I always eat with friends!
Oh, do you?
Well, I did pack myself
a lunch, too, so, uh...
So do you wanna eat together?
[gasping] Mm-hm...
Man. So cold.
There any particular reason
we're avoiding the dining hall?
Yeah, our lunches kinda match.
Wouldn't want anyone to see us
and make weird assumptions.
Right. That makes sense.
[SAKURAI] 'Cause eating
matching bentos is totally
the sort of thing
that couples do.
C'mon, use your brain, dummy!
Sorry about that.
I didn't have enough time to
arrange the food differently.
Hey, it's no big deal.
Since you cooked, why don't
I grab us drinks? My treat.
[UZAKI]
Sure. Thanks.
Wait. Is this my imagination?
Or is this an actual
development?
Whaddaya know.
Turns out Uzaki's homemade meal
trick was super effective.
Perfect. Glad to see them
making some progress.
Nothing left for me to do
but make a quiet exit.
[NARRATOR] Elsewhere,
Fujio'ed made a loud entrance.
[FUJIO]
Check it out, everyone!
Take a look at what
my baby girl made.
Smells amazing, huh?
Can't wait to dig in!
Can you keep it down?
[FUJIO]
Uh?
[COWORKER A]
According to the schedule,
it isn't time for
your break yet.
Would you mind putting
your food away
and getting back to work?
[NARRATOR] Though Daddy was
proud of his daughter's efforts,
his coworkers were
less than thrilled.
Operation Bento Box was a
critical success, everybody!
Guess my plan wasn't
so cringy after all, huh?
Nicely done, agent!
Keep it up and you'll
win him over real soon.
[SAKAKI]
Things would be moving
a heck of a lot faster if it
weren't for this nonsense.
[laughing]
[UZAKI grunting]
[UZAKI] Gotta go
fast! Almost there! Ahh!
Aww! Aw, come on.
You're heckin' kidding me!
Don't be so upset,
you almost beat me.
I can tell you're getting
better and better
at this after every
other round.
The only reason I'm improving
is because I have you here
to keep me on my toes, Yanagi...
[YANAGI]
It's like clockwork.
Hana discovers a cool new co-op
or a multiplayer game to play,
and she asks me
to help her get good
so she can show off
on her boy toy.
How 'bout a gratin?
[YANAGI]
She may be my big sis,
but she's got a funny way of
showing affection sometimes.
That guy pal of yours is a
really big gamer too, isn't he?
Yeah, but he's always
sinking tons of hours
into single player games
instead of ones like these.
That's why I put him
onto other genres
to help him switch things up.
Variety is important.
By the way, when do I get
to meet this pixel master?
[UZAKI]
How 'bout never.
Oh, right, I have
a report to finish.
But that's the same excuse
you make every time I ask.
Wait, let's play another round.
Promise I'll be quiet!
Ugh, there she goes,
running off again.
She really can be so stubborn.
Why does she hate the idea
of us meeting so much?
That girl's got some secrets.
And she's definitely not sharing
them with me anytime soon.
But that's okay. I've got
some tricks up my sleeve.
Look at you.
Is there a reason you're
looking so smiley?
May there is, maybe there isn't.
Oh?
[UZAKI screaming]
I can't believe I overslept!
I wasn't expecting anybody else
to be awake at this hour.
What're you doing up?
Having tea.
[UZAKI]
Must be nice!
Do you have a shift at the café?
[UZAKI]
You know it. See you later!
Have a good day at work, Hana!
Better get changed.
Okiedokie. Time to head out
and make some mischief!
Hello, welcome to in! Uh?!
Why, hello there!
Nice to meet you. I'm Hana's
little sister Yanagi.
Our family really appreciates
you for putting up with her.
[CAFÉ OWNER]
The pleasure is all mine.
[UZAKI]
Why are you here?
I thought you were
at home, drinking tea!
[YANAGI] I'm in a coffee
mood now. So here I am.
[UZAKI gasping]
How did you find me?
[YANAGI] Oh. I asked Mom
where your job was.
[UZAKI growls]
Before you get upset,
all I did was inquire about
your place of employment
out of concern for your safety.
I mean, it's not like I was
secretly snooping for details
about your love
life or anything.
Could you leave?!
Whoa hey, relax.
Why are you trying to
chase a customer off
when they've barely even
walked in the door?
Good thing you avoided
the morning rush.
This way you can spread out
and make yourself at home.
Feel free to sit
anywhere you like.
[YANAGI] Whoa, he's huge.
He must be Hana's friend!
Wait a sec. Time out.
Could we not?
I've never had
my friends or family
come and visit me
while I'm on the job.
How am I gonna focus
on my hustle
when I'm being observed?
[SAKURAI] I was in
the same exact situation
not too long ago.
Sucks, doesn't it?
[UZAKI groans]
[SAKURAI]
Chill out. We don't wanna make
a bad impression
on a new customer,
so I'll just clean-up while
you wait on your sister.
[UZAKI]
Traitor.
Oh-ho!
[UZAKI grunts]
I was surprised to learn you
took a part-time café gig
when you were already
so busy with school.
But this place seems
nice and I can tell
you get along
with your co-workers.
'Specially tall boy.
Order, please.
That'll be one café au lait.
[CAFÉ OWNER]
Coming right up.
[SAKURAI]
What's the big deal anyway?
You didn't seem to
have any problem when
Ms. Tsuki was here.
You and your weird names.
What's weird about 'em?
[UZAKI] I dunno.
You just say things weird!
All I'm trying to say is that
she can be a handful sometimes.
What's that mean?
It's nothing.
I guess I didn't know you
had a younger sibling.
Something funny 'bout that?
What is there to make fun of?
Just simmer down
and hear me out, okay?
Ever since we became
friends, it's like
one moment you're taking care
of me and being oddly nice,
the next, you're making a fuss
and nagging me to death.
And I never understood why.
But now, the way you function
is finally starting to
make sense to me.
[UZAKI growls]
What's the big epiphany, genius?
You act like a big sister
'cause you are a big sister.
Oh, shut up! You sure
you're not messing with me?
No, I'm serious.
I grew up an only child, y'know.
I can't imagine what
you've gotta put up with.
Just proud of you.
Now I know you're being a jerk.
I can promise you I'm not.
Really?
Cross my heart, hope to die.
All right.
One piping hot café au lait.
[UZAKI]
Uh-- Thank you, boss!
Let's see. As long as I
keep Sakurai away from her,
I can make it through this
day with my dignity intact.
I'll act as a human shield.
Isolate Yanagi through
aggressive customer service.
And then interrogate her
once we get back home.
Thanks for being patient,
sis! Here's ya go.
Say, could your man friend
to wait on me instead--
Your table was assigned to me,
so I'll be your waiter.
I have to block off conversation
by any means necessary!
[SAKURAI]
Aren't you forgetting something?
You were supposed to give her
a hot towel, remember?
We provide them for our patrons
when it's freezing outside.
Right. Here you go.
Oh, wow.
Talk about excellent
customer service.
This'll make my hands
feel nice and toasty.
Quit being such
a tryhard, Sakurai!
[SAKURAI]
What are you yelling at me for?
I'm doing my job!
Hey, you Hana's classmate?
Mind if we chat for a bit while
I wait for my drink to cool?
It would be a shame
if I burned my tongue.
[UZAKI]
Would it?
Oh, uh. I don't see why not,
we don't have
any other customers
and I've got nothing else to do.
[UZAKI]
Seriously? I have to stop them.
At this rate, she'll ask him
something I'll never live down!
Would you believe
I've been excited
to meet you in person
for a while?
You're like a celebrity,
from the way Hana
talks about you.
Talks about me?
Don't you have some tables
you should be wiping down?
I'm done cleaning
everything already.
For somebody who's
terrible in the kitchen,
you really are efficient
when it comes to tidying up!
[SAKURAI]
Uh. Thank you?
Wait, is that supposed to be
a compliment or an insult?
I was curious, how old are you,
Mr. Hana's friend?
Just turned 21.
And how 'bout you, miss?
I'm an eighth-grader.
That's surprising.
You seem way more
put together than Hana,
so I could've sworn
you were at least
in high school at first glance.
[UZAKI]
Hey, let's wrap it up?
Do I really come off
more mature than her?
Oh yeah, totally.
Well thanks for the chat,
better get back to work!
By the way, my sister told
me that you play a lot of
video games, so you might be
pleased to know that I'm
actually something of
an avid gamer myself.
A woman of culture.
[YANAGI]
I started this new RPG.
What's the title?
[YANAGI] It's Final Quester:
Tales of Pocketter,
Lousy Catter.
The epic sounding one with
all the e r's in the name!
Game's a classic!
The opening cutscene
was way too long,
but I lived for
every second of it.
The graphics were sick
and the camera work
during the climax was great,
but I definitely had
issues after it cut
back to gameplay.
They had the nerve to
make the first mission
a fetch quest for
medicinal herbs!
[YANAGI] I'm not the biggest fan
of the story pacing so far.
[SAKURAI]
You're preaching to the choir.
At least you get
a horse to ride on.
[UZAKI]
Crap, I hate this.
The conversation's actually
getting interesting!
[CAFÉ OWNER] Poor Hana.
Bet she didn't see this coming.
[SAKURAI]
You've got good taste, miss.
Sorry, don't mean
to cut you off.
But we're buddies now,
so there's no need to
be so formal, Sakurai.
[UZAKI gasps]
You're welcome to
call me by my name, too.
Yanagi works perfectly fine.
Huh? Well, okay.
Yanagi it is, then.
[UZAKI screaming]
I knew this was gonna happen!
[NARRATOR] "The goose in the
back soon comes to the lead."
An outdated proverb that
means even stragglers
can surpass you
when you least expect it.